Update tutorials to alpha.6 (#13)
substrate-developer-hub/tutorials: tuts/add-a-pallet/v2.0.0-alpha.6/index.md

			Contracts::get_storage(address, key)
		}

		fn rent_projection(
			address: AccountId,
		) -> contracts_primitives::RentProjectionResult<BlockNumber> {
			Contracts::rent_projection(address)
		}
	}
   /*** End Added Block ***/
}
```

This is another good time to check that your runtime compiles correctly so far.

```bash
cargo check -p node-template-runtime
```

## Updating the Outer Node

At this point we have finished adding a pallet to the runtime. We now turn our attention to the outer node which will often need some corresponding updates. In the case of the Contracts pallet we will add the custom RPC endpoint and a genesis configuration.

### Adding the RPC endpoint

With the proper runtime API exposed. We now add the RPC to the node's service to call
into that runtime API. Because we are now working in the outer node, we are not building to `no_std` and we don't have to maintain a dedicated `std` feature.

**`node/Cargo.toml`**
```toml
[dependencies]
#--snip--
jsonrpc-core = '14.0.5'
pallet-contracts-rpc = '0.8.0-alpha.6'
sc-rpc = '2.0.0-alpha.6'
```

**`node/src/service.rs`**
```rust
macro_rules! new_full_start {
	($config:expr) => {{
        /*** Add This Line ***/

>         type RpcExtension = jsonrpc_core::IoHandler<sc_rpc::Metadata>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        use jsonrpc_core::IoHandler;
```

```

Substrate provides an RPC to interact with our node. However, it does not contain access to the contracts pallet by default. To interact with this pallet, we have to extend the existing RPC and add the contracts pallet along with its API.

```rust
            /* --snip-- */
                Ok(import_queue)
            })? // <- Remove semi-colon
            /*** Add This Block ***/

>             .with_rpc_extensions(|builder| -> Result<RpcExtension, _> {
>                 use pallet_contracts_rpc::{Contracts, ContractsApi};
>                 let mut io = jsonrpc_core::IoHandler::default();
>                 io.extend_with(
>                 ContractsApi::to_delegate(Contracts::new(builder.client().clone()))
>                 );
>                 Ok(io)
>             })?;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            .with_rpc_extensions(|builder| -> Result<IoHandler<sc_rpc::Metadata>, _> {
                let handler = pallet_contracts_rpc::Contracts::new(builder.client().clone());
                let delegate = pallet_contracts_rpc::ContractsApi::to_delegate(handler);

                let mut io = IoHandler::default();
                io.extend_with(delegate);
                Ok(io)
            })?;
```

Reviewer: Small legibility improvement.
